hello people the cutest kids it says
soda pop size 44 doing the walls are
shopping and I'm on my phone because my
camera ran out of batteries so we had
yeah we had to improvise because I
haven't made one alone a video in a
while and let's not look at the file
Jesus started closer we had a really
target and we're hoping to find power
ghouls cuz those like awesome shaky its
own shows everything seriously trying to
hold it as my there's ice on the right
all right I guess they're good to see
what they have okay so we have the
stupid freaking blue survival they got
the car stop the car and the thingy
see I don't like the power goals I'm not
proud of those girls alive just don't
see Oh like they have like nothing we
could get but we're going to justice
after this so so Stephen yeah oh wait
this is cool
Frankie's new Ready Set thingy yeah so
hey guys back yep yeah you're just
listening the world geo song Jesus we
are really
so we would hear like a little while ago
dance classes oh my gosh random folders
and stuff and dogs
we're gonna play this song no1 what's
scarce cladding all these are freakin
stupid goods our lives every one of your
choices I don't think there is
well I think I'm going to choose the
picture in clown so yeah they serve
choices we have all the picture days now
all four we win the feel of right so
we're just doesn't have a visible
useable why are you playing the song I
like justice I really do a lot dude is
our awesome she's going to hospice
dreads ever is that so cool but dude I
love their story I just hear net so they
have dance class - yeah we still have no
dance class I don't know why my mom well
thanks for watching
right